# AdapterSPH
This is a particle adapter based on the preCICE coupling framework
PreCICE provides a convenient coupling scheme with its perfect functions and user-friendly development documents, making it one of the open-source software that has attracted much attention in the field of multi physical fields. Unfortunately, up to now, no solver based on meshless method has been provided on the official website{http://precice.org/adapters-overview}, which makes the application potential of meshless method that is good at dealing with large deformation in FSI problems not be effectively explored.
Therefore, this paper proposes a method for docking the SPH particle adaptation mesh of preCICE coupling framework, which is called the particle-mesh coupling (PMC) algorithm. Based on this interpolation method, we successfully realize the coupling of the SPH method and finite element method, and it is applied to the solution of FSI problems. Because the coupling mechanism is universal, it can be coupled with any solver compatible with preCICE in theory. It provides a solution that uses particle (or meshless) methods in the influential open-source preCICE. This scheme can quickly make people without coupling background knowledge become coupling experts, and let them focus on the problems of their own industries. In addition, we open source all the code, so that developers can more intuitively understand the coupling mechanism based on the PMC method and the specific implementation details.

When the relevant papers are published, we will open all source code.
